
                        Join Game Director Scot Lane alongside members of the New World team for a discussion on the January update, Expedition Mutators, and some community questions.
                    

                        This week’s update includes a few fixes for recent issues that popped up, alongside some combat adjustments and fixes.
                    

                        We are approaching the release of our next large release and would like to once again invite you all to participate in the next cycle of our Public Test Realm (PTR)!
                    

                        Learn how you can earn the exclusive The Wheel of Time themed Twitch Drops!
                    

                        This week’s update is focused on resolving some of the issues that have arisen from our December Update.
                    

                        We’re back again with free, exclusive New World cosmetic items available through Prime Gaming with the Thespian pack, now available until January 25, 2022.


                    

                        Join Game Director Scot Lane alongside members of the New World team as we discuss the state of the game, the Winter Convergence festival, our vision for the future of Aeternum, and more!
                    

                        Show off your Winter Convergence spirit with these free, festive items! Available for a limited time starting on December 17.
                    

                        Find the new and festive store content showcased and learn about upcoming content available later in the month.
                    

                        The December update and Winter Convergence Festival are moving from the PTR and releasing into the main New World game. Find the links to the release notes and Winter Convergence page here.
                    

                        New World’s free, exclusive items available through Prime Gaming continue with the Autumn King packs. Both packs are now available and can be claimed until December 27. 
                    

                        We are approaching the release of our next large patch and would like to once again invite you all to participate in our Public Test Realm!
                    

                        This week’s update is focused on resolving some of the issues that have arisen from our November Update. Our development team is continually working on improving the New World experience and they thank you all for your patience and reports that you continue to make on the official forums.
                    

                        Find the newest store content showcased and learn about upcoming content available later in the month.
                    

                        Into the Void has graduated from the Public Test Realm and is releasing into the main New World game. Find the link to the full release notes here.
                    

                        The Public Test Realm (PTR) is a limited-availability server-set that we will use to give players an early look at upcoming features. Learn more on how you can test out new enemy types, quests, and the mysterious Void Gauntlet.
                    

                        Update 1.0.5 introduces more general changes and bug fixes. Find the full list here.
                    

                        Find the list of changes and bug fixes included in New World’s 1.0.4 update here.




                    

                        October 21 will mark the first update to the New World in-game store. To thank all of the players currently venturing, crafting, and warring their way across Aeternum this fall, we’re including a seasonal gift with this month’s store update.
                    

                        Find a list of recent bug fixes, learn how to claim your free transfer token, free emote, and how to transfer your character to a different world.



                    

                        Find the list of bug fixes included on New World’s 1.0.2 update here.
                    

                        Find the notes on New World’s 1.0.1 update here, including bug fixes and quality of
life improvements.
                    

                        Read an update from our team regarding New World's launch here.
                    

                        Read on for ways to connect with the New World community and how to get involved if you’re interested in joining the New World Creator program.
                    

                        Learn about the exclusive New World content available at launch, and check out our server names, locations, and launch times.
                    

                        In celebration of New World’s launch next week, we’re collaborating with the expert staff of Urban Screen and Jung von Matt to set up a light projection of the Azoth Tree in Berlin, bringing the iconic landmark in Aeternum to life in our world.
                    

                        The New World Soundtrack is now available on Amazon Music! Learn about the origins, inspirations, and collaborations leading to the creation of the sounds and music found within New World.
                    

                        To ensure that everyone has a chance to play New World ahead of launch, we’re excited to announce that we will be holding an Open Beta test from September 9 to September 12.
                    

                        We’d love to extend an enormous thank you to all the awesome Content Creators who participated in Battle for New World, to everyone who fought alongside them, and all those who cheered for their favorite team while viewing the event.
                    

                        The New World Closed Beta has arrived and the competition is heating up. Watch your favorite Twitch Streamers from around the globe as they reach the shores of Aeternum and fight for control of the land, battling to stay at the top of the Leaderboard.
                    

                        Take a look at the details for the upcoming Closed Beta beginning on July 20 and how you can participate.
                    

                        The second June Update has arrived! Read on for release notes.
                    

                        This month, we’ll be releasing two updates into the New World Alpha focused on polish, balance, and bug fixes as we prepare for Closed Beta in July and our August 31st launch. Here's the first!
                    

                        Learn about our design goals for the in-game store from Creative Director Scot Lane.
                    

                        In the past months, our focus has been on adding new features and content. Following the May Alpha release we will be focused on bugs, polish, performance, and diving deep into balance to deliver a quality experience at launch.
                    

                        Dive deep into our vision for PvP and the new playable modes in this month’s alpha update!
                    

                        With the release of the Amrine Excavation and the Garden of Genesis Expeditions, we wanted to share our vision for Expeditions in New World.

                    

                        Quests are the backbone of New World’s narrative experience. Armed with your feedback, we have been consistently making improvements to our questing system and will continue to make changes as we head toward launch and beyond.


                    

                        “I haven’t seen you in these parts,” the barkeep said, sidling over to where I sat. “Name’s Bao. As a betting man, I’d be willing to wager a fair bit of coin you’re in Ebonscale Reach for more than the drink and sights.”
                    

                        We’ve been hard at work on compelling end-game features we believe are important to include at launch. With that in mind, we will release New World on August 31, 2021. 

                    

                        New World's crafting system has undergone some major updates. Read on to learn more. 
                    

                        Today’s Alpha release brings brand-new improvements to New World’s combat. Read on for release notes and a closer look at our goals. 
                    

                        We’re excited to announce the discovery of a brand-new zone, Reekwater, in the November Alpha test update.
                    

                        "There’s a reason I stay on this side of the island... and that reason is Reekwater..."
                    

                        Take a look at all of the changes to New World as we head back into Alpha Testing!



                    

                        With New World Preview complete, we are in awe of the support, encouragement, and excitement you have shown.


                    

                        Check out this special welcome letter from New World’s Game Director.
                    

                        Create a forum account to interact with the New World team and provide feedback during the Preview.
                    

                        Take a look at how you can participate in the upcoming New World Preview starting August 25th.
                    

                        With New World Preview complete, we are in awe of the support, encouragement, and excitement you have shown.
                    

                        We want our players to feel completely immersed in the game, and know that our studio stands for quality and lasting gameplay you can trust — and that means added time to get things where we want them before we fully release.
                    

                        When you arrive at Aeternum, you will immediately face challenges to overcome. You will assess your surrounding, find resources to harvest and gather, and begin crafting tools to ensure your survival. Trading and crafting skills in New World are powerful tools and progress endlessly. 


                    

                        To survive and thrive in New World, you will need to overcome many challenges, learning new skills and abilities as you adventure forward. Characters progress across three major categories: Core Attributes, Trade Skills, and Weapon Mastery. 


                    

                        Throughout your adventure in Aeternum, you will get your hands on a wide variety of items. You will collect consumables such as food, drinks, potions, weapon coatings and tinctures as well as armor and weapons.
                    

                        On your adventures and trials in Aeternum, you’ll stumble upon mysterious and timeworn structures. Clearly constructs of the Ancients, the true purpose of these Arenas has been lost to time. Through unknown magic and ritual, the Ancients were able to bend the laws of Aeternum and bind some of its most powerful denizens within these structures.
                    

                        Aeternum is a place of struggle. Not only will you have to contend with the forces of Corruption, but you must also protect yourself from other players.
                    

                        Aeternum is a mysterious and hostile land where you will fight to get a foothold and must be ready to defend it from invading forces... human and supernatural. In New World, when the forces of Corruption have amassed enough strength in a Territory, they lay siege to the Fort. This is called an Invasion.
                    

                        Aeternum is a land of immense beauty and endless wonder that The Corrupted seek to stain and dominate with their vile presence. Taking what was once serene and peaceful and twisting it to their will.
                    

                        Factions are powerful organizations locked in the struggle to control Aeternum. After reaching a particular milestone during the early parts of your adventure, you must choose a side in this conflict.
                    

                        In Aeternum, every Settlement has a variety of houses available for purchase. Multiple players can purchase the same physical home location, but they will only be able to see their property and decor unless they are visiting another player’s house.
                    

                        Staking a claim and working together as a community is a critical step on the path to dominance in New World. Aeternum is divided into distinct Territories, many of which have their own Settlement and Fort. 


                    

                        Get a jump start on your adventure to Aeternum. Pre-ordering the Standard Edition or Deluxe Edition of New World not only comes with exclusive bonus content, it also allows you to join the Closed Beta in 2021.
                    

                        Last month, we premiered our “Aeternum Awaits” cinematic trailer at the Game Awards and opened up Pre-orders.
                    

                        Go behind the scenes at Amazon Game Studios for an in-depth look at the creation of New World. In our monthly Developer Diary series, we’ll get into the unique set of features that bring Aeternum to life.
                    

                        When we set out to create Aeternum, we envisioned a landscape of diversity and contrast. A vast environment where incredible natural beauty and supernatural impossibilities coexist. Concept art was used extensively to refine the tone and atmosphere we were striving to achieve, here are some examples of that early work.






                    